README.md, before:

# CP-plugin

![Build](https://github.com/a-kovrigin-sdg/CP-plugin/workflows/Build/badge.svg)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/v/MARKETPLACE_ID.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/MARKETPLACE_ID)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/d/MARKETPLACE_ID.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/MARKETPLACE_ID)

## Template ToDo list
- [x] Create a new [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template] project.
- [ ] Get familiar with the [template documentation][template].
- [ ] Adjust the [pluginGroup](./gradle.properties) and [pluginName](./gradle.properties), as well as the [id](./src/main/resources/META-INF/plugin.xml) and [sources package](./src/main/kotlin).
- [ ] Adjust the plugin description in `README` (see [Tips][docs:plugin-description])
- [ ] Review the [Legal Agreements](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/marketplace/legal-agreements.html?from=IJPluginTemplate).
- [ ] [Publish a plugin manually](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/publishing-plugin.html?from=IJPluginTemplate) for the first time.
- [ ] Set the `MARKETPLACE_ID` in the above README badges. You can obtain it once the plugin is published to JetBrains Marketplace.
- [ ] Set the [Plugin Signing](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/plugin-signing.html?from=IJPluginTemplate) related [secrets](https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template#environment-variables).
- [ ] Set the [Deployment Token](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/marketplace/plugin-upload.html?from=IJPluginTemplate).
- [ ] Click the <kbd>Watch</kbd> button on the top of the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template] to be notified about releases containing new features and fixes.
- [ ] Configure the [CODECOV_TOKEN](https://docs.codecov.com/docs/quick-start) secret for automated test coverage reports on PRs

<!-- Plugin description -->
Plugin that improves navigation and code insight for web and frontend-related projects.

Features:
* Navigation for HBS widget/service links
* Navigation for Flux component events
* Localization (L10n) reference support
* RequireJS module navigation
* React component structure generator
* Tracking HOC adder
<!-- Plugin description end -->

## Installation

- Using the IDE built-in plugin system:
  
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>Marketplace</kbd> > <kbd>Search for "CP-plugin"</kbd> >
  <kbd>Install</kbd>
  
- Using JetBrains Marketplace:

  Go to [JetBrains Marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/MARKETPLACE_ID) and install it by clicking the <kbd>Install to ...</kbd> button in case your IDE is running.

  You can also download the [latest release](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/MARKETPLACE_ID/versions) from JetBrains Marketplace and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>

- Manually:

  Download the [latest release](https://github.com/a-kovrigin-sdg/CP-plugin/releases/latest) and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>


---
Plugin based on the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template].

[template]: https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template
[docs:plugin-description]: https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/plugin-user-experience.html#plugin-description-and-presentation

Commit message:

Release/0.0.4 (#12)
* add support of platform implementation injection

* refactor deprecated methods usage

* add line jumper

* fix error on single comma

* add offering template

* move code templates to public

* add mock generator

* add mock updates

* add test updates

* rearrange actions

* make jumps adjustable

README.md, after:

# CP-plugin

![Build](https://github.com/a-kovrigin-sdg/CP-plugin/workflows/Build/badge.svg)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/v/29682-cp-helper.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/29682-cp-helper)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/d/29682-cp-helper.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/29682-cp-helper)

## Template ToDo list
- [x] Create a new [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template] project.
- [x] Get familiar with the [template documentation][template].
- [x] Adjust the [pluginGroup](./gradle.properties) and [pluginName](./gradle.properties), as well as the [id](./src/main/resources/META-INF/plugin.xml) and [sources package](./src/main/kotlin).
- [x] Adjust the plugin description in `README` (see [Tips][docs:plugin-description])
- [x] Review the [Legal Agreements](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/marketplace/legal-agreements.html?from=IJPluginTemplate).
- [x] [Publish a plugin manually](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/publishing-plugin.html?from=IJPluginTemplate) for the first time.
- [x] Set the `MARKETPLACE_ID` in the above README badges. You can obtain it once the plugin is published to JetBrains Marketplace.
- [ ] Set the [Plugin Signing](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/plugin-signing.html?from=IJPluginTemplate) related [secrets](https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template#environment-variables).
- [ ] Set the [Deployment Token](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/marketplace/plugin-upload.html?from=IJPluginTemplate).
- [ ] Click the <kbd>Watch</kbd> button on the top of the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template] to be notified about releases containing new features and fixes.
- [ ] Configure the [CODECOV_TOKEN](https://docs.codecov.com/docs/quick-start) secret for automated test coverage reports on PRs

<!-- Plugin description -->
Plugin that improves navigation and code insight for web and frontend-related projects.

Features:
* Navigation for HBS widget/service links
* Navigation for Flux component events
* Localization (L10n) reference support
* RequireJS module navigation
* React component structure generator
* Tracking HOC adder
* Platform templates implementation for monorepo
* Jump on 5 lines above/below (fn + option + UP/DOWN) with possible text selection by adding Shift
* All file templates can be modified in Settings → Editor → File and Code Templates
* Generation mocks for classes and functions 
<!-- Plugin description end -->

## Installation

- Using the IDE built-in plugin system:
  
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>Marketplace</kbd> > <kbd>Search for "CP-plugin"</kbd> >
  <kbd>Install</kbd>
  
- Using JetBrains Marketplace:

  Go to [JetBrains Marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/29682-cp-helper) and install it by clicking the <kbd>Install to ...</kbd> button in case your IDE is running.

  You can also download the [latest release](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/29682-cp-helper/versions) from JetBrains Marketplace and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>

- Manually:

  Download the [latest release](https://github.com/a-kovrigin-sdg/CP-plugin/releases/latest) and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>


---
Plugin based on the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template].

[template]: https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template
[docs:plugin-description]: https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/plugin-user-experience.html#plugin-description-and-presentation
